Blackjack is a fast pace casino game. It is part of table and card games offered in every casino around the world and it is the second most popula card gambling game after poker.

The enormous popularity of blackjack is obvious once you understand that blackjack is one of the few gambling gamesthat are not solely reliant on luck. 

This means that skilled players that master basic blackjack strategy can gain an advantage over the casino. 
The object of blackjack is to get as close to 21 as possible without going over.

No! The object of blackjack is to beat the dealer. To beat the dealer the player must\n   first not bust (go over 21) and second either outscore the dealer or have the dealer bust.

Unlike most casino games where the only factor that determines a win or a loss is luck,blackjack is a game where skill plays a big part. Since most casino games are based on independent 
trials, the outcome of a round of play has no bearing on the next round of play.

In blackjack the situation is reversed and previous rounds have a great effect on subsequent rounds. 

This is because many hands of blackjack are played from the moment a single deck or several decks of cards are shuffled and put into play and until the"point of the reshuffle.

The cards that were used in each hand of blackjack are discarded after the hand and the next hand is played only with the cards that remain in the shoe.

This means that each round of blackjack offers a different probability of reaching different blackjack hands and depends on which cards are still in play.

Skilled players with good memory or even better; the ability to count cards, can take great advantage of this situation to the extent that they eliminate the house edge 

completely and the game becomes favorable to the player and not to the casino.

Over the years many different variations of blackjack were invented. The game objective tends to stay the same but the individual rules that govern each blackjack version are different. 

Sometimes the changes between versions can be as minor as whether the version allows re-splitting aces, and sometime at can be as fundamental as whether the dealer hits or stands on 
soft 17, and how many decks of cards that version is played with.